Add Bits Chat integration section to Storage Management S3 docs (#37182)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/infrastructure/storage_management/amazon_s3.md

  {{< img src="infrastructure/storage_management/storage-recs.png" alt="Storage Management Recommendations" responsive="true">}}

## Identify and act on cost savings with Bits Chat

> <div class="alert alert-info">Bits Chat for Storage Management is in Preview and is available through Bits Chat. To try this skill, fill out this [Interest Form][10] </div>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< callout url="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScbFjbJecpVV-DgJNBt2O205KtaWlD_q6ajThIEX9vTGz6ebA/viewform?usp=publish-editor" >}}
Bits Chat for Storage Management is in Preview. To try this skill, request access.
{{< /callout >}} 

```

Reviewer: The link here is currently broken ([preview](https://docs-staging.datadoghq.com/mahashree/sm-bits-chat-integration/infrastructure/storage_management/amazon_s3/?tab=cloudformation#identify-and-act-on-cost-savings-with-bits-chat)) because it's contained within an HTML element. This suggestion updates the `div` to a callout shortcode, which is specifically tailored to this use case. Here's how it looks in a local build:
<img width="769" height="230" alt="bits-chat-preview" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/8bcc7a8e-d25b-4d13-9677-0ab95f603ff9" />

> FinOps and engineering teams can use Bits Chat and Storage Management to identify personalized S3 cost savings opportunities, generate reports in Datadog Notebooks, and implement recommended changes. Bits Chat helps teams of all backgrounds isolate savings opportunities and take action. To use Bits Chat with Storage Management capability, enable the `storage` skill in the Bits Chat settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
FinOps and engineering teams can use Bits Chat and Storage Management to identify S3 cost savings opportunities, generate reports in Datadog Notebooks, and implement recommended changes. To use Bits Chat with Storage Management, enable the `storage` skill in the Bits Chat settings.
```

Reviewer: This suggestion:
- Removes "personalized" as it doesn't have a precise technical meaning in this context. "Account-specific" might be a good substitute if this needs to be mentioned.
- Removes the middle sentence, which seems marketing-focused and doesn't add technical detail.

With the `storage` skill enabled for Bits Chat, you can:

> - **Find the biggest savings opportunities**: Ask natural language questions to surface the highest-impact prefixes, storage classes, or buckets where lifecycle changes would reduce costs the most.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Find the biggest savings opportunities**: Ask natural language questions to surface the highest-impact prefixes, storage classes, or buckets where life cycle changes would reduce costs the most.
```

> - **Create reports through Notebooks**: Bits Chat generates a Datadog Notebook summarizing findings, estimated savings, and recommended actions for your team to review and share.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Create reports through Notebooks**: Generate a Datadog Notebook summarizing findings, estimated savings, and recommended actions for your team to review and share.
```

Reviewer: Minor edit to match the imperative voice used by the other bullet points here

> - **Implement changes**: Get step-by-step guidance to apply lifecycle policies, transition objects to cheaper storage tiers, or expire non-current versions in the prefixes with the highest savings potential.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Implement changes**: Get step-by-step guidance to apply life cycle policies, transition objects to cheaper storage tiers, or expire non-current versions in the prefixes with the highest savings potential.
```

Author: I'm hesitant to make this (and the above) change because "lifecycle policies" are commonly known in S3. [Docs reference](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/object-lifecycle-mgmt.html).

[1]: mailto:storage-monitoring@datadoghq.com
[3]: https://app.datadoghq.com/storage-management
[4]: /logs/log_configuration/indexes/#exclusion-filters
[7]: /cloud_cost_management/
[8]: https://app.datadoghq.com/dash/integration/32296/storage-management-for-amazon-s3
[9]: https://app.datadoghq.com/storage-management/settings

> [10]: https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScbFjbJecpVV-DgJNBt2O205KtaWlD_q6ajThIEX9vTGz6ebA/viewform?usp=publish-editor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
